"Aja" is playing and the room just got more expensive
"The Boston Rag" is about absolutely nothing and it still slaps
[ACTION] Adjusting the "Mu Major" chord density to 98% efficiency
[ERROR] Detected a chord that wasn't jazz-adjacent. Immediate containment required.
[ERROR] Roger Nichols not found. Aborting the digital drum sequence.
[ERROR] Too much static detected. Switching to FM mode.
[OPTIMIZATION] Increasing the distance between the listener and Annandale
[OPTIMIZATION] Synchronizing the Purdie Shuffle with the global clock
[STATUS] Checking the car for gas. Result: There is gas in the car.
[STATUS] Hiring 40 session guitarists for a two-second solo transition
[STATUS] Mixing background vocals until they sound like one beautiful, robotic Michael McDonald
[STATUS] Searching for a one-way ticket to Muswellbrook
[STATUS] Tuning the marimbas for maximum emotional detachment
[SYSTEM] Recalibrating sarcasm levels for 192kHz playback
[SYSTEM] Updating the "Rikki" contact info... Number has not been lost
[UPDATE] Deleting the entire album because the snare hit on track four felt wrong
A one-star review of your playlist: needs more cynical lyrics about illicit substances and 1970s Los Angeles
BREAKING: Local man buys a saxophone, realizes he still can't play "exactly what he feels."
Chuck Rainey hiding his bass behind a screen is the level of workplace boundaries I aspire to.
Currently explaining to someone that Steely Dan is two guys
Currently gaslighting Abbie but Abbie is just my own reflection in the microwave door at 2:00 AM.
Currently mourning "Kulee Baba" like it was a close family member.
Dating a nineteen year old? In this economy?
Donald Fagen's voice sounds like he's disappointed in you specifically
Drinking coffee and listening to Steely Dan
Every Steely Dan song sounds like it knows something about you
Gaucho took so long to make that the 70s ended before they finished
Getting a Haitian divorce? In this economy?
HELP WANTED: A fool to do my dirty work.
I don’t have a favorite child, but if I did, it would be Denny Dias’s solo on "Your Gold Teeth II."
I don't trust people who think "Aja" is just a name and not a spiritual awakening
If my life were a Steely Dan song, it would be 7 minutes long and about a very specific type of tax fraud.
If Steely Dan was a person they'd correct your grammar at a funeral
If the bridge doesn't require a degree in music theory to understand, I don't want to hear it
If you can’t hear the sarcasm in the guitar solo, are you even listening?
If you know all the words to "My Old School" you're either 60 or broken
If you've never ugly cried to "Time Out of Mind" are you even living
Imagine listening to music that wasn't made by two guys who hate everything
Kid Charlemagne would probably find your lack of hustle disturbing
Late night Steely Dan hits different
Learning life lessons from Steely Dan, none of them comforting
Listening to "Aja" by Steely Dan and pretending everything is under control
Listening to "Almost Gothic" by Steely Dan and sizzling like an isotope after my third cup of coffee
Listening to "Black Cow" by Steely Dan and reconsidering several relationships
Listening to "Bodhisattva" by Steely Dan and rejecting enlightenment
Listening to "Caves of Altamira" by Steely Dan and missing the point deliberately
Listening to "Chain Lightning" by Steely Dan and hoping nobody asks me to explain what these lyrics are actually about
Listening to "Cousin Dupree" by Steely Dan and not asking follow-up questions
Listening to "Cousin Dupree" by Steely Dan and wondering if my "dreary architecture of the soul" is actually visible to others
Listening to "Deacon Blues" by Steely Dan and romanticizing poor decisions
Listening to "Dirty Work" by Steely Dan and sympathizing with bad judgment
Listening to "Doctor Wu" by Steely Dan and trusting someone I absolutely shouldn’t
Listening to "Don’t Take Me Alive" by Steely Dan and siding with nobody
Listening to "Everything Must Go" by Steely Dan and reading the fine print
Listening to "Fire in the Hole" by Steely Dan and realizing the "hole" is just my unread email inbox
Listening to "FM" by Steely Dan and wishing the rest of my life had this much production value
Listening to "Gaslighting Abbie" by Steely Dan and realizing they were 20 years ahead of the curve on toxic relationship vocabulary
Listening to "Glamour Profession" by Steely Dan and admiring the logistics
Listening to "Glamour Profession" by Steely Dan and pretending my trip to the grocery store is a high-stakes illicit deal
Listening to "Godwhacker" by Steely Dan and plotting cosmic revenge
Listening to "Haitian Divorce" by Steely Dan and realizing this won’t end well
Listening to "Hey Nineteen" by Steely Dan and feeling the generational gap widen
Listening to "Home at Last" by Steely Dan and drifting peacefully off course
Listening to "Kid Charlemagne" by Steely Dan and rooting for the wrong guy
Listening to "Lunch with Gina" by Steely Dan and ordering carefully
Listening to "Midnight Cruiser" by Steely Dan and realizing I’m actually just a "2:00 PM Honda Civic Driver"
Listening to "My Old School" by Steely Dan and remembering things selectively
Listening to "My Old School" by Steely Dan and vowing never to go back to Annandale (I have never been to Annandale)
Listening to "Negative Girl" by Steely Dan and wondering if she’s actually a mood or just someone who needs a hobby
Listening to "Peg" by Steely Dan and waiting for the backing vocals to fix my life
Listening to "Pixeleen" by Steely Dan and realizing Donald Fagen predicted waifu culture in 2003
Listening to "Reelin’ in the Years" by Steely Dan and feeling personally attacked
Listening to "Rikki Don’t Lose That Number" by Steely Dan and not calling anyone
Listening to "Slang of Ages" by Steely Dan and appreciating Walter Becker’s rare lead vocal on a song about a very sketchy pick-up attempt
Listening to "The Last Mall" by Steely Dan and treating my local Target run like the literal apocalypse
Listening to "The Royal Scam" by Steely Dan and realizing my "glory" is mostly just high-interest credit card debt
Listening to "Things I Miss the Most" by Steely Dan and admitting I’d also miss the Audi TT more than the relationship
Listening to "Things I Miss the Most" by Steely Dan and pretending it’s not personal
Listening to "Time Out of Mind" by Steely Dan and nodding along cautiously
Listening to "West of Hollywood" by Steely Dan and waiting for the 8-minute saxophone solo to explain my life choices
Listening to "What a Shame About Me" by Steely Dan and agreeing completely
Listening to "Your Gold Teeth" by Steely Dan and wondering if my dentist accepts cynical irony as payment
Listening to Janie Runaway by Steely Dan and wondering if Binky’s place in Pennsylvania has good Wi-Fi
Listening to Steely Dan and judging imaginary people
Listening to Steely Dan and trying to achieve the perfect 1977 studio sheen in my kitchen
Listening to Steely Dan at the function so people know I'm damaged
Listening to Steely Dan like I’m late for something in 1977
Listening to Steely Dan. Again.
Looking for a "Negative Girl" to match my "Everything Must Go" energy
Lunching with Gina? In this economy?
My internal monologue is just the Purdie Shuffle
My therapist asked where it hurts and I just pointed to the bridge of "Deacon Blues."
PERSONALS: Any major dude with half a heart seeking similar. Must enjoy the Cuervo Gold and fine Colombian.
Putting gas in the car? In this economy?
Putting on Steely Dan and suddenly caring about chord voicings
Real ones know Larry Carlton’s "Kid Charlemagne" solo is the only thing keeping the global economy stable.
Reelin' in the years? In this economy?
Running a glamour profession? In this economy?
Steely Dan after dark knows too much
Steely Dan deep cuts are where the bodies are buried
Steely Dan is the musical equivalent of someone saying "well actually"
Steely Dan is undefeated at making bad decisions sound cool
Steely Dan makes cynicism sound expensive
Steely Dan makes failure sound incredibly well-produced
Steely Dan songs are just true crime podcasts with Fender Rhodes
Steely Dan songs: 30% jazz, 30% rock, 40% spite
Steely Dan understands diminishing returns
Steely Dan understood the assignment
Steely Dan wrote songs about degenerates and somehow made it sophisticated
Steely Dan: making people feel inferior since 1972
Steely Dan: music for people who read liner notes
Steely Dan's entire discography is just two guys being correct and insufferable about it
The Cuervo Gold, the fine Colombian... make tonight a wonderful thing
This morning’s mood is brought to you by the Mu major chord
This Steely Dan groove feels argued into existence
TICKET #002: "Two Against Nature" update installed. All future responses will now be 15% more condescending.
TICKET #999: Everything Must Go. Initiating total system wipe.
WANTED: High-end audio engineer capable of making a human drum kit sound like a sentient calculator.
WANTED: Midnight cruiser for low-stakes nocturnal travel. Absolutely no static allowed.
WANTED: Session guitarist for 8-bar solo; must be able to withstand 18 hours of silent judging from the control room.